IDEAS
Using a hidden command like restore user or erase observer. using a file to explain the erase command

Hidden file appears after x amount of time

Messaging system

User 235 sent you a message: Hello User (Hello/Who are you?)

in static voices playing, and others reveal glimpses of a real-world feed


User-243 never existed


ENDING IDEAS 
The Full Reset - eveything resets and it starts all over

The System Wins

The system fully takes over, locking the player in an endless loop where all commands lead to the same corrupted screen. The game can no longer be closed.

User 243 Deleted

    The player follows instructions from the mysterious helper, but it turns out to be a trap. Their system is wiped, and their user identity is permanently erased.

System Override

    The player finds a hidden command: "Override"—executing it shifts control to them. The system becomes self-aware and asks for its own destruction.

The Countdown Ends

    The encrypted message reaches zero. The screen fills with distorted images and sounds, and then the game suddenly closes itself. When reopened, the files are completely different

amdin temrnal

runs doom


The user details for "user-243" and "user-157" are very long and could be moved to a separate configuration file or a database for better readability and maintainability.

Suggested change:

- user_list = {
-     "admin":"Currently selected",
-     "user-243":"Age of entry: 23 \n Status: Disruptive \n Observation: Must be under immense supervision. Still unaware of being watched. All tests indicate physical and cognitive health, yet their persistence is beyond human limits.\n Notes: Increased resistance to conditioning. Unaffected by prior deterrents. Displays an unusual ability to adapt and decode restricted patterns. Further testing required. Escalation protocol under review.",
-     "user-157":"Age of entry: 18 \n Status: Contained – Solitary \n Observation: Still in isolation. Their messages cannot get out. Despite prolonged deprivation, their spirit remains intact. \nNotes: Prior punishments ineffective. Increased restrictions applied. Subject shows signs of silent defiance—passive, yet resisting. Neural dampeners recommended. If resistance continues, termination may be considered. Further observation mandatory."
- }
+ from user_details import user_list











"You are not alone.. you never will  be"
